‐ Is this that body outline art
I’ve heard so much about?
[gasps] This is the first time
I’ve seen one in person.
‐ Am I crazy,
or is that real blood?
‐ I saw somebody
fall off the roof,
and the art appeared
in the same spot!
‐ [cell phone buzzes]
‐ SHUKA: Oh, boy.
It’s already started.
[transmission warbling]
‐ [transmission ends]
‐ [gasps]
What just happened?
‐ Oh, yeah.
[emotionless]
I should probably get home now.
[ominous music playing]
[gunfire]
‐ I get it. They obviously
don’t want anyone
sticking their noses into
the event without an invite.
Time for me
to go meet up with Kaname!
[Japanese music playing]
KANAME: They’re actually
describing this
as a "fun, friendly
treasure hunt"?
Not what I’d call truth
in advertising.
[cell phone buzzes]
‐ It’s the Shibuya
Treasure Hunt Game!
Your goal is to
locate the treasures
that are hidden
throughout the area
and rack up
as many points as possible!
You have 24 hours
to complete the event.
All 300 participants will be
set to Battle Royale Mode,
so attacking other players
is permissible.
However, please keep in mind
that the Player Search
function is to be disabled
for the duration
of this exciting adventure!
There are seven types
of rings to find‐‐
topaz, peridot,
lapis lazuli, ruby,
sapphire, emerald,
and the extra‐rare diamond!
Each ring can be exchanged
for a certain number of points.
Search for rings
using your map display,
as well as a new feature called
Alternate Reality Camera,
but you need to be careful
about one thing.
When the time limit is up,
if a player hasn’t collected
the three rings needed
to complete the event,
the result
will be "game over,"
so you’d better gather three if
you know what’s good for you!
You will also get a "game over"
if you leave
the designated area.
Now then, let’s all have
a fun, friendly Treasure Hunt,
everybody!
[app music ends]
‐ That means,
if you try to escape, you die.
He tells me to be careful
of one thing
and then throws that in
as a footnote?
No matter how nicely
they want to frame it,
the only way for us
to get through this mess
is to slaughter each other!
[grumbles]
Damn it.
I should try to calm down.
I’ve made up my mind
to survive, no matter what.
I refuse to be killed
by this lousy game.
First, I need to contact Shuka.
‐ The number
you are trying to reach
is currently not in service.
‐ That’s right,
I can only communicate
through the Darwin’s Game app.
I’ll use the chat feature
to arrange a meeting with her,
assuming we don’t die first.
[cell phone buzzes]
There are 300 rings?
But that means,
if the event has 300 players,
only a third of us
will make it!
No, relax.
If this is round one,
there must be a round two
with more rings!
Or maybe not.
I’ll check out the map
and the Alternate
Reality Camera.
I see. These circles
are the ring locations,
but it doesn’t show
exactly where they are.
Oh, right. That’s probably
what the AR Camera’s for.
[gasps]
Hey, what’s going on?
The whole city looks like it’s
in ruins through the camera.
Is that part
of the game’s design?
And what about
those weird lights
scattered all over the place?
Found one.
[metal clinks]
This is what we’re
supposed to collect?
It’s a fancy bracelet
whenever I look at it
through the phone screen.
Ruby. That’s worth 500 points,
so 50 million yen!
Wait. What’s the point
of getting excited about that?
Money isn’t
the main objective here.
It is a good sign, though.
[gasps] Shit!
Somebody already died?
That must mean
there’s an enemy around here.
[gasps]
That’s not good.
I can’t tell much from this,
but whoever it is,
it looks like
they have some rings
and they’re on the move.
Now what?
Should I leave the hotel?
Is the elevator safe?
No, that’s too risky.
What if someone’s waiting
to kill me when I get off?
It’s probably better
if I take the stairs.
[cell phone buzzes]
Crap. Somebody’s coming!
I gotta get outta here quick!
On the other hand,
running away without a plan
is dangerous in itself.
No matter where I go, I could
run into another player.
I should at least find out
who I’m up against.
Then I’ll escape.
Better make sure
I have a weapon first, though.
[energy crackles]
Oh, yeah. That’ll do it.
‐ [elevator bell rings]
‐ Damn it.
Now they’re
on the same floor as me.
Let’s see what we got here.
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
[wails]
He’s got
a freakin’ machine gun?
What is this place,
a damn war zone?
[gasps]
Ah, perfect!
It’s some kind of plant.
How do I get around it? Shit.
Maybe there’s another staircase
on the other side!
[gasps] This one’s blocked too?
Who the hell put trees here?
All that’s left
is the elevator,
but there’s no time for that!
Wait. Where is he?
Huh?
Damn it, he’s getting close!
GUNMAN: What’s with the plants?
Did you put ’em there?
Nah, couldn’t be.
Nobody would be stupid enough
to block off
their own escape route!
‐ [screams]
[gasping]
Hurry up! Come on!
Let’s go!
‐ [gun cocks]
‐ Hate to tell you...
but it looks like you
just got a "game over."
So long.
‐ Hold on! Don’t shoot!
I’m giving up!
The ring’s yours, okay?
Just let me go.
‐ Wait. You serious?
‐ Here. Take it!
[metal clinks]
‐ Well, I was planning
to do that either way.
‐ I don’t have
anything else on me!
Isn’t that enough?
‐ Yeah, I guess you and I
are about done here.
You don’t get points for killing
people during this event.
‐ Okay, so now go!
‐ Then again, you do have a gun.
‐ [gasps]
‐ And anybody who carries a gun
should expect to get shot.
You’ve heard that one before,
haven’t you?
‐ [shudders]
‐ Sorry, kid,
but it’s me or you.
[gun clicks]
‐ GUNMAN: Huh?
‐ [gasps]
[gun clicks]
‐ Ugh. You’re kiddin’ me.
‐ It’s jammed!
‐ Drop the gun right now!
‐ Huh.
You’re looking
a little shaky there.
‐ Drop the gun,
or I’ll blow your brains out!
‐ Go ahead.
‐ Huh?
‐ If you’re gonna shoot,
then shoot.
[round clatters]
There, that oughta do the trick.
‐ [gasping]
[elevator bell dings]
[continues gasping]
‐ Huh.
Not enough balls
to pull the trigger, eh?
You run into that
every once in a while.
In times like this, I prefer
to just save my bullets.
This turned out to be
a pretty boring showdown.
You want my advice?
Blow your own brains out.
[elevator whirring]
‐ [sighs]
Screw this game.
[grunts]
Is killing other people
really that much fun?
[grunts]
God damn it!
If I don’t get my hands
on three rings, it’s game over.
I guess in the end,
there’s really no way
to survive this game
without killing.
GIRL: Excuse me,
but are you planning
to get on that elevator?
[ominous music playing]
I realize you don’t know me,
but it’s only fair to warn you
that if you don’t want to die,
then the smartest choice is
to stay away from that thing.
‐ Huh?
What’s a little kid like you
doing in here?
‐ I’m a first‐year
middle‐school student,
thank you very much.
Are you trying
to pick a fight with me?
[elevator bell dings]
Oh, that’s your cue.
Walk into the deathtrap,
if you want.
‐ Listen, obviously
I don’t wanna die.
I just want out of this place.
The stairs are blocked off,
so there’s no other way.
‐ I can’t believe anyone
would be desperate enough
to set foot in there.
‐ I mean, just look at him.
‐ At who?
[gasps]
What are those things,
more plants?
‐ Now it’s confirmed
that all four
of this building’s elevators
are dangerous.
You see why I warned you?
There’s no way of knowing
how many people
are inside this hotel,
but at this point,
we’re all trapped like rats.
The plants holding us in
are clearly the product
of a player’s Sigil.
‐ You mean one person
has the power to do all this?
When I looked
at the camera before,
it showed at least 10 people
were inside the building.
‐ The moment
the event went live,
I believe there were
25 players in here.
But now, with the exception of
ourselves and whoever did this,
the chances of anyone else still
being alive are slim to none.
Which is why I have a proposal
for you, Kaname Sudo.
Since we’re in the same boat,
let’s team up
until we escape the hotel.
‐ What? How do you
know who I am?
‐ That’s not important
right now.
My name is Rein,
though the other D‐Game players
typically refer to me
as the Analyst.
[crowd cheering]
HOST: Wow!
The event’s just begun,
and things are
already getting intense!
Let’s see the current rankings!
As of now, the player
with the most points
is Shuka,
the Undefeated Queen!
She’s collected
six rings so far,
worth a total of 1,900 points.
Though her winning streak
was recently broken
after 49 battles,
the Queen is still
a force to be reckoned with!
And now
our second‐place competitor.
Viewers bet on him 8‐to‐1
during the first stage,
so he’s heavily favored to win!
Meet Wang,
leader of the Eighth Clan!
With five rings in hand, he’s
running a little behind Shuka,
but his highly capable clan
now has 18 rings all together!
You can tell by the smirk on his
face that Shibuya is his turf!
Third place and below seem to be
a free‐for‐all at the moment,
but there’s been major drama
at Shibuya Central Tower,
one of the starting points
of the event.
Check it out! The tower’s
being taken over by plants!
That’s gotta be the work
of a pretty powerful Sigil!
Oh, man.
I wonder what’s goin’ on
with the players
who are trapped inside?
THEMIS: Hello.
It’s your first time here, yes?
Wonderful. I hope
you’re profiting so far.
MAN: That’s kind of you, miss,
but I only just arrived.
Uh, would you mind
telling me your name?
‐ I’m sorry. How rude of me.
I’m Themis,
and I’m the manager of Trinity.
It’s nice to make
the acquaintance
of such
a distinguished gentleman.
‐ The pleasure is all mine,
miss.
HOST: All right!
Now this is gonna be
an interesting matchup!
Four Gyro Heads
are honing in on Shuka
to force her into a battle!
They’ve got their work
cut out for them...
‐ This chick is tough,
‐ even in a 4‐on‐1 fight,
‐ but let’s wish them luck!
‐ Surround her!
[grunts]
[yells]
‐ Boss, look above you!
‐ Drop dead, bitch!
[gags]
[stirring music playing]
[metal clinks]
‐ Kayama, get her!
‐ On it!
‐ [energy surges]
‐ You’ll pay!
Yes, perfect timing.
She’s all ours now.
KAYAMA: My Sigil,
Greedy Missile,
lets me control the trajectory
of any flying object,
so she won’t
be able to dodge it.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Since the rings I’m carrying
give away my location,
I keep getting accosted
by casuals.
I’m guessing Kaname spawned
in that tall building
over there.
Well, even without my help,
I’m sure this treasure hunt’ll
be a breeze for him.
With his skills,
I wouldn’t be surprised
if he had 10 rings by now.
‐ [crowd murmurs]
‐ There you have it, folks,
instant domination!
That’s why they call her
the Undefeated Queen!
What a great battle!
‐ That was incredible.
This country’s top‐ranked player
is formidable, indeed.
WOMAN: If she were a man,
she’d be a good candidate.
‐ That was awfully exciting
to watch, don’t you think?
A lovely balance
of class and cruelty.
And you can tell
she’s mastered her ability.
After what I’ve seen so far,
I have to admit I’m fond of her.
MAN: I’m intrigued by D‐Game.
Specifically, I find the Sigils
to be quite remarkable.
By the way, Themis,
I understand the sponsor
has given you the privilege
of running this casino,
but do you know the true nature
of this fascinating game?
‐ No. But if you ask me,
I don’t think
it’s of any significance.
There are large sums of money
and various Sigils to be won,
and the feeling of superiority
that comes with them
is an irresistible treat
to the participants.
Our modern society is
much fairer and more abundant
than it was many years ago,
after all.
As a result,
people crave the opportunity
to look down upon someone else.
I believe that desire
is more rampant now
than it’s ever been.
KANAME: Analyst?
‐ Well, simply put,
you can consider me
an information broker.
Now then, what do you
think of my proposal?
If we try to go it alone,
we’ll probably suffer
the same fate as this man did.
‐ I’m guessing these came
from the same place
as the plants that are
blocking off the stairwells.
‐ It’s the same Sigil,
that’s for sure.
With the stairs obstructed,
the elevators
became the only way
to move between floors,
so the user
set traps inside them.
‐ And since both of us have
been backed into a corner,
you’re asking
to join forces with me?
You’re putting a lot of faith
in a person you just met.
‐ I told you.
I’m in the business
of buying
and selling information,
so I know a lot more about you
than you might expect.
For example, the fact
that your player name
is the same as your real name
indicates that you’re
a rookie who started solo.
You may not have
a violent nature,
but with three wins
against high‐ranking players,
you’ve attracted
a great deal of attention.
Also, you’re not in a clan,
but you’ve just entered
an alliance with Shuka.
Your Sigil has yet
to be identified,
but there are confirmed reports
that you’ve produced
a handgun and a stun gun
out of thin air
on separate occasions.
‐ Your info’s
not up to date, though.
My winning streak’s over now,
thanks to that dude
holding the machine gun.
‐ But we’re
in Battle Royale Mode,
so individual encounters
don’t influence your record.
When the event’s done,
dead players’ points
are distributed
among the survivors.
‐ So there’s no incentive
for fighting.
That’s even more reason
to avoid the other players
at all costs.
Works great for me, though,
since I’m kind of a coward.
‐ Not that I’m
particularly interested
in soothing your insecurities,
but I don’t think
running away is cowardly.
That’s the only reason I’ve been
able to survive for so long.
‐ [gasps]
[laughs]
Yeah, you’ve got a point there.
‐ Sorry, did I
say something funny?
‐ It’s just all the other
players I’ve met so far
have been bloodthirsty killers,
so you threw me for a loop.
All right, fine. Let’s team up.
There’s no way I’ll let myself
get killed by stupid plants.
‐ I’m happy to hear that.
[sighs]
One more thing.
You laughed at me a moment ago
when I talked
about running away,
but out in the real world,
that’s a far more common
survival tactic than fighting.
Even in D‐Game, with matches
that have to be judged,
the avoidance of danger
is graded based
on its artistic value.
Typically, the player
who gets challenged to a fight
and survives is the winner.
Banda, the first opponent
you ever faced,
was equipped with an extremely
useful Sigil known as Stealth.
Sigils that help you escape
or ambush the other player,
rather than deal damage,
are few and far between.
Still, he went out
of his way to attack you,
only to have the rug
pulled out from under him.
‐ You’re making it sound
a lot more involved than it was.
I just ran around until he
got himself killed. That’s all.
In the end,
I couldn’t even save my friend.
Luck is the only reason
I’ve survived so far.
‐ That may have had
something to do with it, sure.
In a game like this,
having fortune on your side
might be the best way
to come out on top.
‐ So the luckiest person
will beat us all?
‐ No, it’s not like
you started this game
with some kind of guardian angel
looking after you.
Instead of giving up right away,
you ran and ran
and kept running.
It was only then
that the gun appeared for you.
‐ [sighs]
You certainly
have a way with words.
So now that we’re teamed up,
how do you propose
we get out of here
without becoming plant food?
‐ Let’s investigate those vines
in the stairwells first.
If there’s a way
to get through them,
that would work in our favor.
‐ Wait. Sorry. Hold on a second.
‐ You’re seriously going to take
the ring back from that corpse?
You know,
the moment you pick it up,
the enemy
will know where you are.
‐ [energy crackles]
[footsteps shuffling]
REIN: I’d be careful
about touching anything.
The plants could be a trap.
‐ Oh, yeah.
We’re not getting through here
without a chain saw.
‐ Don’t have one on you?
‐ Is that a real question?
‐ I thought maybe you
could make one with your Sigil.
‐ No, the power
isn’t that convenient.
I can come up with a stun gun
and a handgun.
Other than that,
don’t get your hopes up.
‐ That’s good to know.
‐ You think maybe
we could lower ourselves
out the window
with a rope or something?
‐ That could work if this wasn’t
a 40‐story building
without any balconies.
Hard pass
on falling to my death.
‐ Then we’ll just have
to search the hotel.
There are
so many body outlines in here.
How many people died?
‐ It’s worse
on the lower floors.
‐ Did that plant‐Sigil guy
do all this?
‐ He’s not responsible
for the dead upstairs.
That chaos was all due
to players fighting
each other over rings.
‐ Our only real goal here is
to collect those stupid things.
It’s not necessary
for us to kill each other.
‐ Sure, but dead players
can’t attack
and take whatever you’ve found.
‐ I see. And whoever
ended up surviving this
was immediately killed
by the plant guy.
What a mess.
You know who’s responsible
for this, don’t you?
‐ I don’t know his real name,
and as far as I know,
no one’s ever seen him before.
But there’s only one player
who can murder
on a wide scale like this,
especially given
the distinctive corpses
left behind in the wake
of his devastation.
They call him the Florist.
He sets traps for his prey and
waits for them to get caught
instead of attempting to defeat
them in a head‐to‐head battle.
I suppose that we’re safe
as long as we stay
on the upper floors.
As far as I can tell,
the Florist only killed
the people who tried
to take the elevators.
‐ Okay.
Wait. There’s something
that isn’t adding up here.
Why do you think
that’s the case?
How do we know he killed them?
‐ The body in the elevator
was covered in his plants,
remember?
‐ Yeah, exactly,
so why didn’t it disappear
and leave behind
the usual pop‐art outline?
‐ I haven’t checked
every corpse,
but there’s usually a lag time
of several seconds or minutes
before the bodies teleport away.
‐ I got a bad feeling
about this.
If they haven’t
been taken away by now,
then that means
they’re still alive, right?
Damn it!
Hurry up!
They’re coming after us!
‐ Wait. Who? You mean
the players from the elevators?
If they’re still alive,
then they’re the kind of players
who were murdering
from the start!
They might work together
to attack us!
‐ Just perfect. Either way,
they’re not gonna be
extending an olive branch!
‐ Get behind the right pillar!
Keep down. Cover your ears.
[loud hum]
[Japanese music playing]
‐ What was that?
‐ A flashbang grenade.
It’s an essential item
for any player
who chooses flight over fight.
They sell them by the dozen
in the D‐Game shop.
‐ Why have they
teamed up against us?
I thought they were goners.
‐ The Florist must have a way
of controlling them somehow.
Certain plants do have
narcotic properties to them.
He may be able
to brainwash the corpses
with drugs
that they’re producing.
‐ You’ve gotta be kidding.
No good. It looks like they’re
headed straight for us.
How do they even know
where we are?
It’s not like we have
any rings they can search for.
‐ Is it possible the plants
have formed some kind of network
that allows them
to track our movements?
‐ Now we’re getting into
a whole other type of crazy.
But if that’s the case,
I don’t even see
any plants around here.
[gasps]
So that’s what’s going on.
I should have figured it out
from the very beginning.
All the players
I’ve fought so far
have either been nut cases
or complete and
total psychopaths,
but at least they put
their own lives on the line
and did their dirty work
themselves!
This Florist is just a coward.
He’s nothing but a spectator
hiding in the shadows!
‐ Of course. The cameras.
The Florist must be
in the security room.
‐ Yeah, and I’m gonna find him
and get a good look at his face.
You hear that,
you voyeuristic asshole?
FLORIST: So you figured it out.
I’m impressed.
However, I sincerely doubt
you’ll be able
to turn the tables against me.
After all, this entire hotel
is my garden now.
There’s no way out for you two.
Still, I’m pleased to have
a worthy enemy in you, boy.
It makes me feel
a little less guilty.
KANAME: Next time: "Fireworks."